
Arrow Keys		----		When in the Menu, Load and Choice states, the system shall navigate to the selected option from those that are available. The up key will move it up, the down key will move it down. It will loop through the options. In the Load State, if there are no saved games, no action shall be taken.
							When in the Game state, the system shall adjust the direction where the weapon will be fired, and represent an arrow in the direction (showed by a combination of the keys).
							When in the Tutorial state, the system shall scroll up or down through the tutorial depending on which key is pressed.

Enter Key		----		When in the Menu, Choice, and Load states, the system shall execute the selected option.
							When in the Save state, the system shall make a new file with the data of the current game along with the name entered by the player, and then return the game to its previous state.

Space Key		----		When in the Game state, the system shall fire the selected weapon and trigger the appropriate animations and sounds, calculate any updates, and display them to the screen (such as characters hurt/dying or terrain being destroyed).

Q Key			----		When in the Game, Load, Pause, and Tutorial states, the system shall terminate.
							NOTE: we had this for the Save state as well but thats inappropriate... what if someone writes name including Q .... We cannot have letter keys and q keys used in same state.

P Key			----		When in the Game state, the system shall enter the Pause State.
							When in the Pause state, the system shall enter the Game State.

R Key			----		When in the Pause and Game states, the system shall quit the current state and the current game and move to the Menu state.

Backspace Key	----		When in the Tutorial and Load states the system shall move back into the Menu state.

WASD Keys		----		When in the Game state, the system updates the location of the active player on the map by a predetermined move amount for the character (this amount may change based on powerups acquired by the character). The A key moves the character left on the map, the D key right, the S key down, and the W key up. If there is no space to move (e.g. if the character is against a wall to the left and presses the A key) nothing happens. The changes shall appear realtime on the screen. In addition to detecting collisions, the system shall also detect if the character moves off a cliff and will calculate and display the appropriate falling motion.

Letter and Number Keys	--	When in the Save state, the system shall store the input from the user with these keys and save the game in a file with the name.
							When in the Choice state (in the Emoji selection window), the system shall store the input from the user with these keys and save that user's character with the name.

Shift + Q Keys	----		When in the Game state, the system shall first open the Save state, then terminate itself directly.